hello friends we continue
answer the questions of our viewers and
Now another question reads Svetlana
good afternoon question mikhail my name is
Oleg I live and study in Tallinn
download the school year to this day I don't
attended university I prefer myself
mountain correspondence form of learning success
accounting such tactics did not bring me
remains one and a half months before the session
I give myself a word that in a month from
today I will be perfectly ready to surrender
mathematical analysis exam
individual matched then most likely
people have heard the above
chuckling I will say this is not real or
I wonder what he will do and not
looking at all the absurdities and giving my word and
perform
from stones
and a month and a half later, starting the countdown
from today I will report a
what a huge result
thanks for reading the message
according to the script, I think if you tell about
the above people are required
there are those who believe me and
just start rooting for me as a general
positive power of thought helps to go not
Well the first thing that comes to my
head
we understand that the young check is just
wants such support and the author even
energy can be support and i
not for friends offensive linnett go there
a policeman winks over there
he fell in behind a citizen and
trying to right him so take away
and talk with him but like this
parallel to our topic, I remember
the famous story somehow does not come out
skyway yes like alexander of macedonian
walking there past the place where
I lived I do not remember literally let's say
the pledge of it is Archimedes, so she tells me
Aristotle will help there but who was here with
so near and he came to talk like that and
says you know i'm ready for three days with you
here to camp you me
mathematics taught
and he says I 'm sorry your
majesty but royal mathematics
there are no ways
that is, so that in 2 days but of course we
don't talk about math in serious
such execution gunner need to pass
there is some semester course on
mathematical analysis
and for a month I assure you no student
student there a day in a technical college on
junior courses where study mathanalysis
not spent my life not a month so
more than one and a half to get ready
clamps best will not be three days
for which he was preparing for this exam
Of course you can want during the semester
I did there, but I don't know about that
I remember how students were engaged I so
feeling they are doing worse now
here for for a month and a half you can
just miracles do here and how people
with higher education in mathematics
remembering the analysis I want to say that
if you understand 2 relatively uncomplicated
things one is called the limit and the other
called the derivative here if you this
understand something under analysis at your feet in
volume of university programs and you will not
only an excellent student you will be all around
explain these two forms as there
around not everything is spinning therefore
I personally do not doubt success
young man and I hope that
the others also sympathize with him but in
Generally and in general there are people who can
good at home alone
in absentia there somehow you like that young man
tried to do but here he somehow did not
went so she means either to study
do it either tell yourself but it is not
my campaign is absolutely unimportant not super
I can not like a teacher in absentia
the enthusiasm of this i love to classes
walk listen there i need external
the organization is like there are people
amazing learn online so here I am
online class in this now 60
man i let out have incredible
people are they doing it online with me
so having started so not to occupy therefore
just mean in the future you for yourself what
then understand from this and there are already people
more optimal
I wish you pass the exam in mathematics
successfully and generally on behalf of those who
watching our channel
I express the growth of assistance and support
energy level thanks for
Attention